# Electric and Utilities System Demo
Using CDF, CDW, CML and Data Viz, this demo is a complete Electric and Utilities Company use case to broadly leverage the CDP Data Services platform


### The Data Sources

1. ORS - Outage Reporting System
Simulated by `openei_utility_info_export_as_of_2015_08_28_1.csv` dataset. This dataset comes from the US Dept of Energy as part of an initiative to create a public outage information dataset. See more: https://data.world/us-doe-gov/a6ac378e-0270-4d3e-9813-34dcd0ad7322

2. Power Lines Data
Simulated by `U.S._Electric_Power_Transmission_Lines.csv` dataset. This dataset originated from ArcGIS Hub's mapping of U.S. Electric Power Transmission Lines. See more: https://hub.arcgis.com/datasets/d4090758322c4d32a4cd002ffaa0aa12/explore

3. ESRI - GIS data for power distribution assets
Simulated by `sample_gis_power_distribution.csv` dataset. This dataset was generated by OpenAI to be representative of data which may be stored by ArcGIS or some other GIS platform.

4. Customer Consumption Data 
Simulated by `household_power_consumption.csv` dataset.  This dataset comes from data.world as part of the UCI Machine Learning Repository and represents a slice of the total dataset. See more: https://data.world/databeats/household-power-consumption

5. Customer Billing Data
Simulated by `sample_billing_invoices.csv` dataset. This dataset was generated by OpenAI to be representative of data which may have originated from a database or other data analysis solution.